OK.
So how do we a pillow.
These are made up into the P.G. admin.
So how do we transfer CCV into BNN while already have some experience with that.
But let's go ahead and do it all over again fairly and correctly just to make sure that we make no mistakes
and no data is corrupted.
So as you can see our job and for open up I have servers put rescue all loaded it up to that basis plus
grace and consumer complaints.
And then what the first thing we need to do is to create a new database.
So this one I'll call something like console games.
You can call it whatever you want and it does not matter whatsoever just for you to keep track of that
and then each one to be working directly with this database then you have to make sure that you put
this name the name of your database and not what you see on screen.
So let's go ahead.
Open schemings public.
Check that we have any data.
We don't that's good.
So I'll go ahead and open a new portal now that the tool is loaded up and ready to go.
Let's go ahead.
Open our dugs file.
First let's do the console games table.
So let's select that copy and put it in here.
Check that all information input is here.
So I'll go ahead and run it as you can see it was successful tray table in 775 milliseconds.
All good.
So now let's go ahead and return back here since we're working.
Mac let's go take this.
Let's go with the Cuppy statement inside of here and make sure that everything is correct.
Again your biggest concern is to make sure that this that this read text is the same as your location
file.
So in my case it is the same users of Menko desktop.
And then we have console games but CCV.
So now those go ahead run it it will take a bit of time to run as you can see it be almost 16 rows of
data.
And that's what we're looking for.
Now before we go ahead and check that this table has all the data in it let's quickly create a new table
and upload it all again once.
So again delete this.
Put in the new code from the docs file.
Make sure it's all correct.
There we go.
Trade and you table go to the Mac section here if you're in the Macintosh.
Or go to Windows.
If you're working for Windows operating system again make sure the file name is correct.
Cancel date on dates.
Everything else is correct.
Run it again and return it.
All good.
Perfect.
So now that we don't need these files anymore we can go ahead.
Close them make this fullscreen and let's go ahead refresh the tables.
Now we should get two tables.
Cancel dates that consist of five columns and cancel games that consists of 10 columns.
So please go ahead.
Select all from console games or other console dates first and let it go ahead quickly run that and
as you can see it returns toss all the correct information legist just for the sake of it count.
And then this could plunge from the game in here just to make sure that we get the so as you can see
we do have 30 in here the same number of rows as we had in the SCV file.
So it's all good.
I'm working the console games data is working as well.
The query to run it will just take a bit of time so we have created a new database.
We've created two new tables fill them with data from a CV file and now we're ready to go.
So I hope you're excited to do some practice.